Integration testing allows for
testing of the entire application and all of its layers and not just individual units.
It is useful to be able to do this without requiring deployment of the application.
The @SpringBootTest annotation is useful for
integration testing and is chosen over @webNBC tests
because @Spring Boot tests starts the full application contexts
including the server and does not customize component scanning at all.
@Spring Boot tests will look for the main configuration class,
annotate it with the @SpringBoot annotation and use that to start
a spring application contexts and simulates a calling client.